Updating description fields (#6852)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/python-models.md

---
title: "Python models"

> description: "Enhance your dbt project with Python models."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Python models further enhance your dbt project."
```

> description: "Python models further enhance your dbt project."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Configure Python models to enhance your dbt project."
```
